Javascript: Javascript is used for functionality or behaviour of web pages.Javascript is a versatile, dynamic programming languages which can build client and server applications.
  Every Browser will have engine to run JS called JS engine. For Google chrome, it is v8
  In 1995, Breden Eich, employee of Netscape developed Javascript in 10 days. Initially it is named as Mocha , then Livescript . To gain popularity from java, name is changed as "Javascript". 
  JS is synchronous and Single Threaded scripting Language. It is Case Sensitive.
 Initally , It was made to add interactivity to static web sites(HTML,CSS) but later it became Advanced by using XML,AJAX etc..,

   How to include JS into HTML?
We can JS into HTML using two ways
    i. internal Javascript : we can include JS using 'script' tag as a element
         <script>
            console.log("hello world");
         </script>
    ii. External Javascript : we can include external .js file using script with 'src' attribute
      <script src="./filename.js"></script>

    Browsers Provide a set of developer Tools built directly into web browser. it allows us to develop, debug, diagnose the pitfalls of web pages.
     Main Tools are: 
         Elements -- contains HTML with CSS
         console -- used to Run JS commands, log messages, debug messages
         network -- contains network activity such as API
         sources -- contains complete source files
         memory -- contains memory details like allowcation, heap etc..,
         application -- contains storages such as local storage, cookies, cache etc..,
         performance -- contains analytics of website performance
         lighthouse -- contains details report of web page analytics

  How to comment code in JS?
      we can comment code in JS in two ways
        i. single line : comment followed by double slash(//) and it comments only one line
        ii. multi line comment : comment followed by /* and ends with */

   Variables:
          variables or Identifiers are used to store a changable value.it follows basic rule of nomenclature
         we can declare variables using var, let, const. Initially only 'var' used to be there but in 2015, ES6 introduces let and const
    Difference between var, let and const

                     var                                                             let                                      const

       Redeclare is possible                            Redeclare is not possible              Redeclare is not possible
       Reassign is possible                              Reassign is Possible                    Reassign is not possible
       can be used before initialization          cannot be used before                   cannot be used before
                                                                    initialization                                  initalization
      Function Scoped                                   Block Scoped                                 Block Scoped





 




  






